.TH WFWHL 1
.SH NAME
wfwhl \- send protective signs for WHL sites with Whiteflag
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B wfwhl
[\fI\,OPTION\/\fR]...
.SH DESCRIPTION
Create and send Whiteflag messages for specified cultural heritage sites listed
on the UNESCO World Heritage List, which is the digital equivalent of placing a
physical protective sign.
.PP
Whiteflag is a fully neutral and secure communciations means based on
blockchain technology. It enables near real-time communication in armed
conflicts and disasters to exchange early warning and status information
to create shared situational awareness.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-s ", " \-\-sites =\fISITEID\fR
Specify the world heritage site(s) to be processed by \fISITEID\fR number; multiple
sites may be specified. If no sites are specified, all sites are processed.
.TP
.BR \-w ", " \-\-web =\fIURL\fR
The source \fIURL\fR of the WHL in XML on the web. If not specified the default is
\fIhttps://whc.unesco.org/en/list/xml/\fR. Cannot be used with \fB\-f\fR.
.TP
.BR \-f ", " \-\-file =\fIFILE\fR
The source \fIFILE\fR containing the WHL in XML. Cannot be used with \fB\-w\fR.
.TP
.BR \-t ", " \-\-transmit
(NOT IMPLEMENTED) Transmit the Whiteflag message(s) on the blockchain. Requires \fB\-i\fR,
\fB\-b\fR and \fB\-a\fR to be specified, either on the command line or using
a configuration file with \fB\-\-config\fR.
.TP
.BR \-i ", " \-\-interface =\fIURL\fR
(NOT IMPLEMENTED) The Whiteflag API REST interface \fIURL\fR to post the message(s) to be sent.
.TP
.BR \-b ", " \-\-blockchain =\fIBLOCKCHAIN\fR
(NOT IMPLEMENTED) The \fIBLOCKCHAIN\fR to be used for sending the message(s).
.TP
.BR \-a ", " \-\-address =\fIADDRESS\fR
(NOT IMPLEMENTED) The blockchain \fIADDRESS\fR to be used for sending the message(s).
.TP
.BR \-o ", " \-\-stdout
Send the Whiteflag message(s) to stdout. This allows the data to be piped to other processes.
.TP
.BR \-v ", " \-\-verbose
Provide detailed processing output.
.TP
.BR \-\-help
Show help message.
.TP
.BR \-\-version
Show version number.
.TP
.BR \-\-config =\fIFILE\fR
Path to a JSON config \fIFILE\fR with preconfigured arguments; especially useful to
specify Whiteflag API interface URL, blockchain and address.
.SH LEGAL
THE USAGE OF SIGNS AND SIGNALS WITH THIS SOFTWARE IS SUBJECT TO LOCAL AND/OR INTERNATIONAL LAWS
.PP
The Whiteflag WHL utility is dedicated to the public domain under the
Creative Commons CC0-1.0 Universal Public Domain Dedication statement.
Note that this only applies to this software, and that this
explicitly DOES NOT imply endorsement or permission by UNESCO to use
WHL information, which is subject to the terms and policies of the
UNESCO World Heritage Centre.
.PP
The usage of protective signs is subject to International Humanitarian
Law. Misuse of protective signs is a punishable violation under local
and international laws. This utility only provides an additional means of
communication for certain signs and signals, and it does not replace any
existing standard, regulation or means of communication, whether mandatory
or not, including but not limited to physical signs, radio communications,
official registers, etc.
